feat: add role mapping to group extension (#1337)
garden-co/jazz: homepage/homepage/app/(docs)/docs/[framework]/[...slug]/groups/inheritance.mdx

import { ContentByFramework, CodeGroup } from '@/components/forMdx'

export const metadata = { title: "Group inheritance" };

# Group Inheritance

Groups can inherit members from other groups using the `extend` method. 

When a group extends another group, members of the parent group will become automatically part of the child group.

## Basic Usage

Here's how to extend a group:

<CodeGroup>
```typescript

> const playlist = Group.create();

Reviewer: ```suggestion
const playlistGroup = Group.create();
```

Can we call all of them ..Group please? And maybe show how the groups are used as an owner on something?

I know it's a bit tedious but as-is it's confusing

const track = Group.create();

// This way track becomes visible to the members of playlist
track.extend(playlist);
```
</CodeGroup>

When you extend a group:
- Members of the parent group get access to the child group
- Their roles are inherited (with some exceptions, see [below](#role-inheritance-rules))
- Removing a member from the parent group also removes their access to child groups

> ## Setting the extension role

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## Inheriting members but overriding their role
```

> You can set the extension role by passing a second argument to `extend`:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In some cases you might want to inherit all members from a parent group but override/flatten their roles to the same specific role in the child group. You can do so by passing an "override role" as a second argument to `extend`:
```

<CodeGroup>
```typescript
const organization = Group.create();

const billing = Group.create();

// This way the members of the organization can only read the billing data
billing.extend(organization, "reader"); 
```
</CodeGroup>

> The extension role always overrides the role of the accounts in the parent group:

Reviewer: Now that we explain this in the intro we can combine the preceding and the following listing and delete this sentence

Author: Changes this sentence and the example into:

```
The "override role" works in both directions:

<CodeGroup>
  ```typescript
  const parentGroup = Group.create();
  parentGroup.addMember(bob, "reader");
  parentGroup.addMember(alice, "admin");
  
  const childGroup = Group.create();
  childGroup.extend(parentGroup, "writer");
  
  // Bob and Alice are now writers in the child group
 /```
</CodeGroup>
```

Author: I might look redundant, but I want to make this more clear and preserve the billing example which is the main driver of the whole feature.

<CodeGroup>
```typescript
const parentGroup = Group.create();
parentGroup.addMember(bob, "reader");

const childGroup = Group.create();
childGroup.extend(parentGroup, "writer");

// Bob is now a writer in the child group
```
</CodeGroup>

## Multiple Levels of Inheritance

Groups can be extended multiple levels deep:

<CodeGroup>
```typescript
const grandParentGroup = Group.create();
const parentGroup = Group.create();
const childGroup = Group.create(); 

childGroup.extend(parentGroup);
parentGroup.extend(grandParentGroup);
```
</CodeGroup>

Members of the grandparent group will get access to all descendant groups based on their roles.

## Permission Changes

When you remove a member from a parent group, they automatically lose access to all child groups. We handle key rotation automatically to ensure security.

<CodeGroup>
```typescript
// Remove member from parent
await parentGroup.removeMember(bob);

// Bob loses access to both parent and child groups
```
</CodeGroup>

## Role Inheritance Rules

> If the account is already a member of the child group, it will get the highest possible role:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If the account is already a member of the child group, it will get the more permissive role:
```
